README.md, before:

# Hi!

I'm Timo, a software guy and tinkerer from Germany with a never ending cup of curiosity.


## About me

- 🏫 Graduated from [Reutlingen University](https://www.reutlingen-university.de/) with a Bachelor of Science
- 💼 Currently working as software engineer at [Corscience GmbH & Co. KG](https://www.corscience.com) on medical software projects
- ❤️ I love writing code, especially Python and C#
- ☁️ Passionate about Linux, DevOps and container technologies
- 💬 Got questions? [Ask!](https://github.com/thetredev/thetredev/issues)


## Side Projects

- [Shelly](https://github.com/thetredev/shelly) - Python command line parser, decorator style
- [steamcmd](https://github.com/thetredev/steamcmd) - Sane SteamCMD docker images
- [Ultimate Deathmatch](https://github.com/thetredev/udm) - Source.Python deathmatch plugin for Counter-Strike: Source and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
- [FlashFun](https://github.com/thetredev/flashfun) - Source.Python plugin for Counter-Strike: Source and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive where flashbang grenades are your primary weapons

Other public repositories on my profile are mostly just for trying out stuff.


## Noteworthy contributions to Open Source

- [Source.Python](https://github.com/Source-Python-Dev-Team/Source.Python) - Project that uses boost::python to allow scripters to interact with Valve's Source-engine
- [Wazuh](https://github.com/thetredev/wazuh) + [documentation](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation) - Free and open source platform used for threat prevention, detection, and response
- [Backtrace](https://github.com/red-rocket-computing/backtrace) - A very small (less 4.5K) stack unwinder designed for deeply embedded C applications running on the ARM Cortex-M family of microprocessors by Red Rocket Computing, LLC

Commit message:

Add Experience section
Signed-off-by: Timo Reichl <timo.reichl@mailbox.org>

README.md, after:

# Hi!

I'm Timo, a software guy and tinkerer from Germany with a never ending cup of curiosity.


## About me

- 🏫 Graduated from [Reutlingen University](https://www.reutlingen-university.de/) with a Bachelor of Science
- 💼 Currently working as software engineer at [Corscience GmbH & Co. KG](https://www.corscience.com) on medical software projects
- ❤️ I love writing code, especially Python and C#
- ☁️ Passionate about Linux, DevOps and container technologies
- 💬 Got questions? [Ask!](https://github.com/thetredev/thetredev/issues)


## Experience

- **Having fun!** - when I have fun doing something I'm much more into it and can be much more efficient. I make sure I never forget that.
- **Software development**: mostly Python, C#, C++. Not so much C, but I can get around. I'm curious about new stuff coming out and always willing to learn other languages and/or different ways to go about developing software.
- **Software deployment**: GitLab CI/CD, GitHub workflows, packaging software (deb, rpm, ...)
- **DevOps - to a point**:
    - **Docker/Podman**: building images, running containers, Compose deployments, networking, you name it
    - **Kubernetes**: Setting up bare metal clusters using [k0s](https://github.com/k0sproject/k0s), Helm, ArgoCD. I'm more Dev than Ops, so RBAC is still on my TODO list :)

In that order.


## Side Projects

- [Shelly](https://github.com/thetredev/shelly) - Python command line parser, decorator style
- [steamcmd](https://github.com/thetredev/steamcmd) - Sane SteamCMD docker images
- [Ultimate Deathmatch](https://github.com/thetredev/udm) - Source.Python deathmatch plugin for Counter-Strike: Source and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
- [FlashFun](https://github.com/thetredev/flashfun) - Source.Python plugin for Counter-Strike: Source and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive where flashbang grenades are your primary weapons

Other public repositories on my profile are mostly just for trying out stuff.


## Noteworthy contributions to Open Source

- [Source.Python](https://github.com/Source-Python-Dev-Team/Source.Python) - Project that uses boost::python to allow scripters to interact with Valve's Source-engine
- [Wazuh](https://github.com/thetredev/wazuh) + [documentation](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation) - Free and open source platform used for threat prevention, detection, and response
- [Backtrace](https://github.com/red-rocket-computing/backtrace) - A very small (less 4.5K) stack unwinder designed for deeply embedded C applications running on the ARM Cortex-M family of microprocessors by Red Rocket Computing, LLC
